- [Instructor] So we have a database
wired into our application, at least an embedded one,
so now it's time to build our first repository.
Once again, we're going to go
back into our room web application.
Let's open up the Properties file once again,
in Source, Main, Resources.
We need to specify a very specific property,
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto,
and we want to set this equal to none.
Because we have an embedded database
that's already been populated with a schema and data,
we don't want hibernate to create that for us.
Next thing we need to do is we need to go modify
one of our elements,
so open up the models and the Room element,
and we're going to go ahead
and use this as our entity.
Now, usually you're going to want
some abstraction here,
but for right now, this is fine.
So @Entity to indicate that it's a javax.persistent entity,
@Table, and we're going to put a name element here,
and this is called Room,
and you can get the data for this
by opening up the Schema file.
You'll see that we have Room as a table.
Go ahead and import that.
Now we're going to come down to our ID,
and we're going to annotate it @Id,
@Column, and we will specify a name here.
And again, we can go back and look,
and the name here is ROOM_ID,
and we need to tell it that this is generated,
and the generated value here is IDENTITY.
Now we're going to do the same thing
as far as the column annotation on the rest of our elements.
So we're going to build name, room number, bed info,
so in this case, ROOM_NUMBER,
NAME,
and BED_INFO.
All right, so now that that is done,
going to create a new package in our route called Data.
And within that package, we're going to create
a new interface called RoomRepository.
Now, we will make this extend the JPARepository,
and you'll see that this is templatized,
and it takes two values.
The first one is the element that this is serving,
so the entity object.
The second is the data type of the ID.
In this case, it's a Long.
And that's all there is to build this repository.
So let's go into our service,
specifically our RoomService,
and let's change a few things here.
First and foremost,
let's get rid of all the static definition.
We'll create a private final RoomRepository,
and we will inject that via the constructor,
which is good practice in Spring.
And now we'll modify our implementation here
of our getAllRooms method.
We are going to return instead our RoomRepository.findAll.
Now, if everything works correctly, we can run this
and go back to our rooms page
and see all of our data,
or to our room's web service
and likewise see all of our data.
So let's do just that.
Started up the application,
I'm going to go to the web browser,
and in our web browser, we'll go to localhost:8080/rooms,
and we no longer have our static data.
Instead, we have the data that came from the database,
and that literally is how easy it is
to wire an application to a database using Spring data.
We wrote very little code, and of the code we wrote,
most of it was annotations or object definitions.